= ActsAsRelation
This gem helps implement multiple-table-inheritance (MTI) methods to your ActiveRecord models.
By default, ActiveRecord only supports single-table inheritance (STI).
MTI gives you the benefits of STI but without having to place dozens of empty fields into a single table.

Take a traditional e-commerce application for example... 
A product has common attributes (+name+, +price+, +image+ ...), 
while each type of product has its own attributes...
+pen+ has +color+, +book+ has +author+ and +publisher+ and so on.

== Installation
For Rails 4 installation add the following line to your +Gemfile+
  gem 'acts_as_relation', '~> 1.0'
and
  $ bundle install

If you are using Rails 3 you must use '~> 0.1' version specifier in Gemfile.

== Usage
+acts_as_relation+ uses a polymorphic +has_one+
association to simulate multiple-table inheritance. 
For the e-commerce example you would declare the product as a +supermodel+ and all types of it as +acts_as+ +:product+
(if you prefer you can use their aliases +is_a+ and +is_a_superclass+)

  class Product < ActiveRecord::Base
    acts_as_superclass
  end

  class Pen < ActiveRecord::Base
    acts_as :product
  end

  class Book < ActiveRecord::Base
    acts_as :product
  end

To make this work, you need to declare both a foreign key column and a type column
in the model that declares superclass. To do this you can set +:as_relation_superclass+
option to +true+ on +products+ +create_table+ (or pass it name of the association):

  create_table :products, :as_relation_superclass => true do |t|
    # ...
  end

Or declare them as you do on a +polymorphic+ +belongs_to+ association, it this case
you must pass name to +acts_as+ in +:as+ option:

  change_table :products do |t|
    t.integer :producible_id
    t.string  :producible_type
  end

  class Pen < ActiveRecord::Base
    acts_as :product, :as => :producible
  end

Now +Pen+ and +Book+ *act* *as* +Product+. This means that they inherit +Product+
_attributes_, _associations_, _validations_ and _methods_.

To see its functionality lets add some stuff to product:

  class Product
    validates_presence_of :name, :price

    def to_s
      "#{name} $#{price}"
    end
  end

now we can to things like this:

  Pen.create :name => "Nice Pen", :price => 1.3, :color => "Red"
  Pen.where "name = ?", "Some Pen"
  pen = Pen.new
  pen.valid?      # => false
  pen.errors.keys # => [:name, :price]
  Pen.first.to_s  # => "Nice Pen $1.3"

When you declare an +acts_as+ relation, the declaring class automatically gains parent
methods (includeing accessors) so you can access them directly.

On the other hand you can always access a specific object from its parent by calling +specific+ method on it:

    Product.first.specific # will return a specific product, a pen for example

== Options
The +acts_as+ relation support these options:

* +:as+
* +:auto_join+
* +:class_name+
* +:dependent+

when +:auto_join+ option set to +true+ (which is by default), every query on child
will automatically joins the parent table. For example:

    Pen.where("name = ?", "somename")

will result in the following SQL:

    SELECT "pens".* FROM "pens" INNER JOIN "products" ON "products"."as_product_id" = "pens"."id" AND "products"."as_product_type" = 'Pen' WHERE (name = 'somename')

All other options are same as +has_one+ options.

Note that support for +:conditions+ and +:include+ has been removed. In their place, you can use
+where()+ and +includes()+:

    acts_as :product, -> { where(color: "yellow") }

